Python OOP Assignment
Q1. What is the purpose of Python's OOP?
Sol.
It provides with the Modularity for easier troubleshooting
Reuse of code through inheritance
Flexibility through polymorphism
Effective problem solving 

Q2. Where does an inheritance search look for an attribute?
Sol.
An inheritance search looks for an attribute first in the instance object, then in the class the instance was created from, then in all higher superclasses,
progressing from left to right (by default). The search stops at the first place the attribute is found.

Q3. How do you distinguish between a class object and an instance object?
Sol. 
A Class is like an object constructor, or a "blueprint" for creating objects
An instance is occuernec of any object.

Q4.                                   

Q5. What is the purpose of the init method?
Sol.
Init method is used for 

Q6. What is the process for creating a class instance?

Q7. What is the process for creating a class?

Q8. How would you define the superclasses of a class?

Q9. What is the relationship between classes and modules?

Q10. How do you make instances and classes?

Q11. Where and how should be class attributes created?

Q12. Where and how are instance attributes created?

Q13. What does the term "self" in a Python class mean?

Q14. How does a Python class handle operator overloading?

Q15. When do you consider allowing operator overloading of your classes?

Q16. What is the most popular form of operator overloading?

Q17. What are the two most important concepts to grasp in order to comprehend Python OOP code?

Q18. Describe three applications for exception processing.

Q19. What happens if you don't do something extra to treat an exception?

Q20. What are your options for recovering from an exception in your script?

Q21. Describe two methods for triggering exceptions in your script.

Q22. Identify two methods for specifying actions to be executed at termination time, regardless of
whether or not an exception exists.

Q23. What is the purpose of the try statement?

Q24. What are the two most popular try statement variations?

Q25. What is the purpose of the raise statement?

Q26. What does the assert statement do, and what other statement is it like?

Q27. What is the purpose of the with/as argument, and what other statement is it like?

Q28. What are *args, **kwargs?

Q29. How can I pass optional or keyword parameters from one function to another?

Q30. What are Lambda Functions?

Q31. Explain Inheritance in Python with an example?

Q32. Suppose class C inherits from classes A and B as class C(A,B).Classes A and B both have their own versions of method func(). If we call func() from an object of class C, which version gets invoked?

Q33. Which methods/functions do we use to determine the type of instance and inheritance?

Q34.Explain the use of the 'nonlocal' keyword in Python.

Q35. What is the global keyword?
